scrollable-element-keyboard: inapplicable example 5 started failing (#1743)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/scrollable-element-keyboard-accessible-0ssw9k.md

Some browsers will automatically make any [scrollable element][scrollable] focusable to ensure keyboard accessibility. However, the browser does not include these elements in [sequential focus navigation][] when it has a negative number as a tabindex [attribute value][].

> There are also differences between browsers in if they make right padding scrollable. While some browsers allow scrolling the full border-width of the content of a scrollable region, others constrain scrolling to the content box instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some browsers restrict scrolling to the [content box](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-box-4/#content-box) of elements; while others allow to scroll the full [border box](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-box-4/#border-box), hence including the element's padding. This results in some elements being scrollable with a browser but not with another.
```

This `section` element has a [horizontal scroll distance][scrollable] that is less than its horizontal [padding][], and [vertical scroll distance][scrollable] that is less than its vertical [padding][].

```html
<section style="height: 210px; width: 530px; overflow: scroll; padding: 30px 0 30px 30px;">
	<div role="heading" aria-level="1">WCAG 2.1 Abstract</div>

> 	<div style="width: 520px">

Reviewer: I'm not sure the example illustrates the same thing now.
The old example is great at seeing if tools take `padding` into consideration: without `padding` it looks like a `520px` element inside a `500px` one and requires scrolling, with padding the inner element is less wide. No, the inner element is always less wide than the outer, and the example doesn't differentiate tools on whether they use `padding` or not.
